# Week 1
Formed the group. Discussed with team the skills each member had and what project we wanted to do.
Ended up choosing Project 3 - Accommodation Web Portal. Made Google docs and a Facebook group to 
communicate ideas and features for the project. Did research on competitors (i.e. other rental sites)
and made a list of their advantages and disadvantages.

# Week 2
Decided on making a student accommodation site for finding housemates. Did more research on competitors 
(i.e. other student accommodation sites) and started finalising features of the project. Assigned 
different roles to each member. I was assigned to be a back-end developer. Discussed software (GitHub 
Project Board)to help manage the project and software (python/js)to be used to build the project.
Started working on the technical depth section of the proposal. Did research on setting up REST APIs
and relational/non-relational databases.

# Week 3
Continued working on the technical depth section and epics section of the proposal. Finished off the 
proposal at the end of the week and had a group call discussing what we would do next. We decided that
the next spring would be focused on accounts and front page stuff. I setup Docker, React, Postgres, and
Flask so that everyone could start working on the actual project.

# Week 4
Started doing research on authentication methods and eventually settled with using JWT to authenticate 
users. Also started creating a basic UML diagram to model the backend portion of the system and split up 
tasks that needed to be completed by the next sprint. I was tasked with scraping fake data for the 
system and working on other parts of the backend. I also helped the others with problems they had with 
setting up Docker.

# Week 5
Continued adding features to the authentication module such as registering users and logging them out. 
Started scraping fake user data for the system. Also continued to help with problems concerning Docker 
and working locally. Updated the models such that they would work properly with SQLAlchemy.

# Week 6
Had a group meeting early in the week to discuss the layout and other functionalities of the site and
how we would handle errors. Merged my work with Anna's to the master branch. Got feedback from Ali about
the UI. Continued to debug the code and fix up the unit tests. Did some research on libraries such as 
Flask-Restful and Marshmallow to ease development.

# Week 7
Had a group call to discuss everyone's progress for the week. Jason and Zainab had completed some 
components for the frontend and asked me to add in extra exceptions for the backend. I also tried to 
help Zainab with some issues she was having with Postgres/Docker. Scraped fake data for listings and
added basic functionalities for creating and getting data from the backend. Added a migration system
for the database and migrated to using Flask-Restful to build the REST API and Marshmallow to serialize 
the data from the frontend to the backend and vice-versa.

# Week 8
I continued working on adding major features to the backend such as searching for listings, creating new 
listings, deleting listings, and editing existing listings. I also added a feature which made it possible
for users to hide their listing by default until they were ready to publish it. Also added a feature
which allowed for users to update their own settings. Had a group meeting to discuss everyone's progress 
and I was assigned to work on some frontend features once I was done with the backend.

# Week 9
Had a group meeting to discuss everyone's progress for the week. Discussed how we were going to use the
Google Maps API to refine searches easier and to show a user's listing on a map. Also clarified some 
features which differed from the interface Zainab made and our original diagram/models. Implemented 
some error messages in the backend portion. Started making most of the backend work with the frontend 
such as logging users in and persisting that login state. Also started cleaning up the backend code so 
that it followed PEP8. Scraped fake reviews and added some missing data to users.

# Week 10
Started finishing off the important features so that we could showcase them in the demo. Connected more 
portions of the frontend to the backend, and rendered everything important such as users, listings, and 
reviews. Fixed a lot of bugs and added some extra functionality such as refining the search filters, and
sorting the listings. Added handy features to the frontend such as star ratings, pagination, and fixed
components rendering before the actual data was fetched. Added feature to favourite listings. Had a 
group call to discuss progress and what we would present in the demo and fixed up more bugs before the
demo. Started working on and finishing off the final report as well.
