# Week 01
Group was formed. Discussing with the team, we decided to go with project 4 as the scope of the project best fit all the
team member's skills and areas of expertise. I created a shared Google Drive folder where we will store and collaborate on
documents. I also created a Facebook group to communicate with the team. During the lab, we made a list of all the features
we would need to build for the project. I formed the basic files of the GitHub project (such as the README and student 
diaries) and the kanban board for storing all our user stores. I also scheduled a meeting with the team for the following 
week.

# Week 02
In this week, we met up to refine our system scope. We came up with a variety of ideas but ended up deciding on a student 
accommodation site for finding potential housemates as we saw a business opportunity in this area. We then assigned each 
team member to a specific role. I nominated to be the general developer and UX/UI designer. We also discussed the language
and software APIs we will be using to develop the website. Additionally, we assigned each person to a specific section of 
the report. I nominated to work on the epics/user stories, the system modules and flow, team skills + project choice, the
bibliography as well as the formatting of the final document. At the end of the week, I contributed 30 user stories to the
GitHub kanban board.

# Week 03
This week, our team spent a majority of our time working on the project proposal that was due this week. Following the
plan we made last week, my key priorities were writing up the project choice and team skills section, completing the user
interface and system flow section as well as completing a section of the user stories and background. I also completed the 
bibliography and formatting of the document. After submission of the proposal, we had a quick call with the team to
discuss the next steps forward. These were to get started on the back-end as soon as possible as well as begin to create 
the interface design, which is my responsibility.

# Week 04
Since the proposal is done, we have began working on the back-end and front-end of the system. I volunteered to work on the
user interface and UI components for the system. I am currently working on these components and will be set to complete
them the following week. During the tutorial, I also began creating a basic UML Class diagram with the team so that we all
have a clear idea of what to program. We also split tasks that we needed to complete for the next two weeks. I am in charge 
of the initial interface design and dummy front end whilst the rest of the team is in charge of the back-end. We also 
scheduled a meeting for next week so we can all catch up on each others progress.